[Music]
now with selfies taking over the social
media world
phone companies had to adapt to the way
people hold their phones and use their
cameras
apparently most users tilt their head
slightly to the right when taking
selfies
with the camera located in the left
corner it makes it easier to make sure
the camera will be in line with the
usual tilt of selfie takers
genius this allows for a more natural
look
making the image look better to leave
you feeling great
cameras on the back of most phones are
on the left side as well
sorry left-handers this was designed for
the more common right-hander
mount everest might be getting all the
attention but mauna kea in hawaii
is technically the tallest mountain in
the world measuring over 33
000 feet from base to summit the only
thing holding mauna kea back from the
title
is that it's mostly underwater
australia is wider than the moon the
moon has a diameter of over
2100 miles while australia's diameter
from coast to coast
is almost 2500 miles while it may be
wider
the moon wins with the land area over 15
million square miles
that's huge and all that cheese
antedidaphobia is the fear that at any
point
somewhere in the world a duck or goose
may be watching you
the person isn't necessarily afraid that
the duck or goose will get too close to
them
or even touch them they just don't like
the feeling of being watched
it was first described in a comic strip
to show how anyone can be afraid of
anything
anything can be a phobia a duck just
watching my every move would certainly
give me the heebie-jeebies
i might just quack up crows are pretty
good at recognizing people's faces
and have even been found to remember
people for a long time
this could be a good thing or a bad
thing depending on how nice you are to
them
you don't want to come across a crow
that's holding a grudge against you
you probably can't tell which crow is
which very easily
so it might be better to play it safe
and just give them all
a little wave
in the city of euro in central america
they have an annual event known as the
reign of fish
not that the locals get a choice for it
anyways
every year in may or june a torrential
rainstorm rolls through town
leaving a massive fish flopping around
in the streets
the phenomenon is believed to be caused
by water spouts or water tornadoes
which drop the fish far from home
seafood delivery for free
yes please a photon the most basic part
of life
takes thousands maybe millions of years
to travel from the sun's core to its
surface
but it only takes eight minutes and 20
seconds on average
to get to your eye once it's at the
surface that means that the sunlight we
see is very ancient
older than the human race itself
there are only four words in the english
language which end in
dos tremendous horrendous stupendous
and hazardous sounds like the teacher's
comment on my report card
a single strand of spaghetti onto your
fork has a name
it's called a spaghetto in the italian
language
an i at the end of the word means that
it's plural
while an o is singular this goes for all
types
like nyoko instead of gnaki fettuccino
instead of fettuccine
and raviolo for a single parcel of
goodness
accidentally eating one of those fruit
stickers on apples peaches and pears
shouldn't worry you at all they can be
eaten but they aren't exactly edible
it'll just leave your body as everything
else does
the glue used for them is regulated by
the fda but it's still recommended that
you wash the fruit and remove the
sticker before chopping down on it
dolphins not only have names for each
other but they'll call out for their
friends specifically
makes you wonder what names dolphins
have for us when we get in the water
hey look frank those hairless monkeys
are back in the water again
[Music]
german chocolate cake is one of the most
delicious cakes
out there it's my all-time favorite but
its name has nothing to do with the
country at all
named after an american baker called
samuel german
who made the tasty treat in 1852
the eiffel tower can be six inches
taller during the summer
because of thermal expansion when the
iron heats up during
really hot days the iron particles
expand taking up even more space
two planets in our solar system rotate
the opposite way as the others
venus and uranus have this backward
rotation
venus also has the longest day of any
planet in our solar system
completing a rotation every 243 earth
days
a baby puffin has the adorable name of
huffling
to feed its chick the puffin parent will
carry about 10
fish in its beak at a time
[Music]
while you sleep you can't smell anything
even really really bad or potent smells
our taste and smell senses are cut down
by 50 to 20 percent during flights
this is why airplane food always tastes
like cardboard
or too salty sounds like a pretty
convenient excuse from the airlines to
me
look at any watch advertisements and the
time on display should be
10 10. this is because of the positive
effect it has
it looks like a smile and usually the
brand name of the watch is directly
below the 12.
stewardesses is the longest word that is
typed with only the left side of the
keyboard
the word itself isn't used much anymore
most people say flight attendant instead
those dum-dums who call out hey you are
normally invited to exit the aircraft
mid-flight the longest english word
is a crazy 189 819 letters long
i won't spell it out here but it's the
full name for the large protein
nicknamed tytan to say this out loud
would take over three hours
so grab a snack and settle back because
we're going to be here for
a while yeah i wouldn't do that to you
[Music]
younoida at six letters long is the
shortest word in the english language
that contains all five main vowels
unoya means beautiful thinking or well
mined
it's rarely used these days in the
medical field
and if you add two of them you'd then
have a para unoia
yeah not really glass balls can bounce
higher than rubber ones
when a rubber ball hits a surface it
deforms before returning to its original
shape
and a lot of energy is lost in this
process
a glass ball doesn't compress at all
keeping a lot of its energy for the
bounce back up here's a flash
kangaroos can't walk backward their long
feet and heavy tail make
walking impossible forward or backward
they can move side to side with
incredible agility but jumping back is
impossible
because of that large muscular tail so
let's go to the hop
the loneliest creature on earth is a
whale that's been calling for a mate for
a long time
[Music]
researchers identified the whale's
abnormally high call
decades ago and is believed to have
never received a response
the unknown whale is called lonely
because it communicates at a frequency
not used by
any other whale in the pacific ocean how
sad
[Music]
meanwhile the liar bird can mimic almost
any sound it hears
including chainsaws the australian
species
not only copy other birds but other
animals too
like koalas and dogs
in captivity they'll also copy
artificial sounds
such as car alarms trucks and chain saws
the northern hemisphere holds roughly 90
of the world's population
no wonder the streets are so crowded up
here
the cougar goes by more names than any
other animal
the cougar has been given over 80 names
the puma
mountain lion panther and catamount are
all the same thing
just don't confuse them with bobcats
lynxes jaguars or leopards
they don't appreciate that most people
can't lick their own elbow
the length of your arm combined with the
flexibility of your joints
makes this impossible for many your
elbow is just
far enough down on your arm that you
can't reach it go ahead
try it i'll wait okay time's up
octopuses and squids have beaks like
birds
the beak is made of the same material
that our fingernails are made of
keratin they can also fit through
anything that their beak can
making them the ultimate escape artist
not you houdini
there are over 31 million seconds in a
year
we've recently discovered this tiny
chameleon in madagascar
at less than an inch long it's the size
of the seed
and could fit easily on the tip of your
finger
it's nicknamed the nano lizard and shows
how many tiny creatures could be hiding
out
undiscovered away from the eyes of
scientists and researchers
eleven plus two equals thirteen of
course
and twelve plus one equals thirteen
the thirteen letters that make up these
phrases equal each other in more ways
than one
they're actually anagrams of each other
wow
anagrams homonyms and antidephobia
that's a mouthful but not as sweet as my
german chocolate cake
hey i'll take seconds